1- Changed version of save file to v7.9 (to save "mesh seed numbers" on curves)  
Note: If you save a file with a higher version, you cannot open it with a lower version of the program.  
2- Showing "new file" version  
3- Showing "loaded file" version  
4- Changing main text font sizes  
5- Sending error when no material ID is found (for edit or remove)  
6- Fixed material "unwanted addition" bug  
7- Showing material add and delete warnings  
8- Fixed the Apply and Delete button behavior in Material Form  
9- Using Apply button in Material Form as default key for Enter  
10- Improving the Tab key function in the Material Form  
11- Improving the method of editing material specifications in the list  
12- When the user was trying to drag the shape with the middle mouse button, the program was mistakenly sending the "Done" command, preventing the user from doing so and forcing them to use the Control key and the left mouse button instead — which was very inconvenient. Why? Because after each drag, they had to release the Control key and press it again along with the mouse to start the next drag.

In the two newly added commands for adding and using mesh seeds (which are still in the editing stage and not yet completed), I have been trying to follow the rules below. I hope we will be able to apply them to other menus as well in the near future:
13- In the text box on the right (the "Information Text Box", in my opinion), all main steps are being shown with numbers.
14- When the user is about to enter a value from the keyboard but accidentally clicks on the screen, a warning is being added in the box on the left (the "Command Report Text Box", in my opinion), and the focus is being moved to the "Command Entry Text Box".
15- When the user uses the right-click menu to send the "Done" or "Cancel" command, instead of sending the letters "D" or "C", the words "Done" or "Cancel" are being sent in the "Command Report Text Box", which is helping with better readability and understanding of the steps of previous commands.
16- I have been trying to provide helpful information in the "Command Report Text Box" so that users can complete the steps of this menu more quickly and accurately. Also, if the user is new (as I was in the beginning), this explanation is helping a lot.
17- When the "Esc" key is pressed in all text boxes, the "Cancel" command is executed.
18- The "Information Text Box" and "Command Entry Text Box" were locked.
19- "Control+C" and Control+V added to all text boxes.
20- Added a buffering option to the View menu with three modes: Auto (adapts to the operating system), SINGLE, and DOUBLE.
21- Fixed the failure to display the select box in some buffer states
22- Fixed the interference of the selected object color with the selection color (white) in selected objects
23- Fixed the failure to display selected objects when dragging the select box
24- Fixed the failure to display selected objects when dragging the screen
25- Added a "deselect box" with a pink color (starting from the right)
26- Fixed the inability to select with the select box from left-bottom to right-top
27- Fixed the inability to select with the select box from right-top to left-bottom by setting the "deselect box" for this state
28- Fixed the inability to select with the select box from right-bottom to left-top by setting the "deselect box" for this state
29- Fixed the situation that: If the mouse leaves the drawing page while dragging the select box and the left mouse button is released in the same state, The select box became ineffective.
30- Fixed the situation that: If the mouse left the drawing page while dragging the select box and the left mouse button was released in the same state, then we clicked at a point on the page to stop displaying the select box, the select box would not be deleted.
31- Fixed the situation that: If we gave the material ID repeatedly in the material form and the program searched for the appropriate ID, when the appropriate ID was not found, it should have suggested the current ID, but it suggested a number larger than the current ID.
32- Display "Buffer status after restart" in the "Show current buffer status" menu
33-Start the program in full screen mode
34-Change the right-click menu
35-Add "Yes" and "No" options to right-click menu
36-Use a separator for "Cancel", "Done", "Yes", and "No" in the right-click menu
37-Start the program in the last window state (full screen or restored)
38-Add RSS-Total to the "[POST] Select Contour Results" window
39-"[POST] Select Deformed Results": Some bugs fixed
40-"[POST] Select Deformed Results": Different selections in the lists are remembered
41-"[POST] Clear Results Vectors": Tooltip not appearing has been fixed
42-Rearrange the [POST] toolbar icons
43-Sometimes the "Select Circle" is not at the center issue has been fixed
44-Removed some graphic bugs in Windows 11
45-Edit the "UP TREE" behavior
46-You can move the menubar to the top like other softwares
47-Fixed the situation where if you minimize the selection box and then stop it, the selection box doesn't remove
48-Change the "Command Entry Text Box" color when a command is active
49-Fixed the situation where we cannot make a tiny selection box
50-Fixed the situation where, while using LNC command and others, we cannot move the mouse near the last point
51-Disable "File > New" when any command is active
52-Disable "File > Open" when any command is active
53-Added depressed and released states to the buttons
54-Convert the two buttons "[Draw] Display All" and "[Draw] Display Selected" into one button
55-"Selection" toolbar added
56-"Show Hide Geom" button added
57-"Show Hide FEA" button added
58-Bug fix: Changing mode from "Shaded" to "WireFrame" when pressing the "[Draw] All Visible" button
59-"[Draw] Display Labels" button added
60-"Show/Hide" Toolbar Added
61-Changing the "Quick Filter" toolbar
62-Corner Axis Added
63-Origin Axis Added
64-On the first run of the program on the user's system, the toolbars are arranged in a specific order.
65-Menu commands (that are not in any toolbar) can have an icon
66-Now we can use 24-bit icons for buttons in toolbars
67-Changing the visual appearance of the main text boxes font
68-Change the file version in the "Details" tab in the "right-click>properties" of the executable (EXE) file
69-The main program icon has been made transparent.
70-Experimental buttons without code now display an "There is currently no code for this." warning in the "Information Text Box" to prevent user confusion.
71-The icons of many toolbars have been changed.
72-The ability to change color has been added to the "Command Report Text Box" when commands are active.
73-The print-related commands have been temporarily removed.
74-Changed the behavior of the "Toggle Control Point Visibility" button.
75-Changed the behavior of the "Display Selected" button.
76-Add "Reference" folder, containing "M3dLogo.jpg" and "Vector_Icons.zip"
